Umbraco Commerce 16.3.2 + 16.4.0-RC release notes (#7512)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 16/umbraco-commerce/release-notes/README.md

This section contains the release notes for Umbraco Commerce 16 including all changes for this version.

#### [16.4.0-RC](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F16.4.0) (Oct 15th 2025)

* Added compact sortable order number generator to generate shorter order numbers (new installs only).
* Added product adapter discount rules to allow product / category based discounts for non Umbraco based products.
* Added validation attribute support to Payment / Shipping method custom settings.

> * Updated backoffice to display order / cart prices inclusive of sales TAX if the stores "Prices include tax" toggle is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added product adapter discount rules to allow product/category-based discounts for non-Umbraco-based products.
* Added validation attribute support to Payment/Shipping method custom settings.
* Updated backoffice to display order/cart prices inclusive of sales tax when the store's "Prices include tax" toggle is enabled.
```

#### [16.3.2](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+label%3Arelease%2F16.3.2) (Oct 15th 2025)

* Fixed discount rule provider settings not showing the correct description [#772](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/772).
* Fixed legacy `PaymentMethod.ToggleFeaturesAsync` method redirecting to a replacement that has internal setters [#761](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/761).

> * Fixed issue with shipping provide create dialog failing to redirect when non lowercase characters are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed legacy `PaymentMethod.ToggleFeaturesAsync` method redirecting to a replacement that had internal setters [#761](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Commerce.Issues/issues/761).
* Fixed an issue with the shipping provider create dialog failing to redirect when non-lowercase characters are used.
```
